yeah ya like like pack our shit up it's
time to move again I passes coming back
like not you again gotta start over but
where to begin I'm still losing now just
like I was losing men sorry god I gotta
have why me so much pain me some
morphine in my heart beat all the
struggle what's it worth please remind
me wait a minute never mind i see it's
all for me you got a better plan learn a
few lenses become a better man it makes
sense I get it now I respect that didn't
mean the question hope you respect that
I've been through so much live in
different houses stay with relatives
slept on the couches never want my kids
to know what that feels like but we own
house to read now real life
no wishes no shooting stars I just want
to buy my dad a classic car help my
sister out get my mama crib anything my
goddaughter warning i would give and my
better had I can't repay her they got
every day didn't made her I just want to
give my kids of life I never had I just
wanted for you you're a Jedi my boys are
still young still don't know what's
going on I'm losing patience no man I'm
barely holding on keep making music
start the question that they're giving
milk for deals man I steak that's a net
for work for free though no not me the
net too long where's got me enough of
that shit i need from said he can't come
this money outfit again I need to get
some this is my dream my poor guitar I
deserve life through a pitch but the
bitch might occur I struck out a few
times here is the truth but now I'm back
to knock it out call me mr. roof I chose
my path now I'm walking in I wanna fuck
the world with the cock blocking me and
all the naysayers need to put a sock in
it it's like the tossing salad all this
talking shit
you
no wishes no shooting stars I just wanna
find my dad a classic car help my sister
out get my mama crib anything my god
daughter wanted I would give and my
better half I can't repay her they got
every day then he made her I just want
to give my kids a life I never had I
just wanna be yo dad like god fix me up
feel like a broken man when I'm lost to
you guys meeting hold my hand it's
loading I'm supposed to be where I am
now and I should stand strong and never
stand down so people think that I should
quit and get some moving on now feel
like I gotta lose wrong I tried my best
but I admit living her I shouldn't feel
like my camp is my curse but it is what
it is I gotta stay strong for my kid I
just want to tell my girl she can take a
break and prove to her that using me was
another station buy a house pay all the
bills I really want to know how it
fucking feels I wanna get my kids in
life but even had the one they did you
say I'm a good there
routine
you
no wishes no shooting stars I just wanna
buy my dad a classic car help my sister
out kill my momma crib anything my god
daughter wanted I would give and my
better half I can't repay her they got
every day that he made her I just want
to give my kids a life I never had I
just wanna be a good dad
you